- [Instructor] Now let's create a uni-test in Spring.
Let's navigate to the ReservationResource class.
Let's highlight the class name,
then use the keyboard shortcut CMD+Shift+T
to generate the test.
Let's go ahead and click Create New Test.
Then in the Create Test dialog,
let's check set up a @Before.
Then let's stub add a test method
for getAllReservations and createReservation.
Now we have a test in our test package
in the correct location.
Let's add a RunWith annotation,
passing in the SpringRunner class.
Alt+Enter to import.
The SpringRunner is a custom extension
of the JUnit (mumbles) JUnit 4 class runner.
Now let's add in a SpringBootTest annotation.
Let's set the Web environment to a random open port.
Let's type in SpringBootTest,
WebEnvironment, RANDOM_PORT.
The SpringBootTest annotation will give us access
to the Spring ApplicationContext.
Let's auto-wire in the ApplicationContext
and let's define a instance of the webTestClient.
Now let's define a reservation object
to be used in our tests.
Our setup method annotated with @Before
is run before each test.
Let's configure the webTestClient
and let's create a new instance
of the webTestClient,
let's bind it to the auto-wired ApplicationContext,
then let's create a instance of that webTestClient.
Now let's create a new instance of a reservation.
Let's use the reservation constructor
and pass in a room number,
a check-in date of now,
and a check-out date of 10 days from now.
Finally, let's pass in a price of 150.
I'm going to go ahead and close
the project window for readability.
Now in the getAllReservations test,
let's invoke the webTestClient,
let's issue a get request,
let's open up the ReservationResource
and copy the string constant for the URI,
and pass it in to our webTestClient.
Let's use Alt+Enter to import
and import that static constant.
Now let's call exchange to execute the request.
Now let's verify the response is a 200 OK
and then let's expect a list of reservation objects
as a response.
Now let's try to execute that test.
Great, that test succeeds.
Now let's create another test for createReservation.
Let's call the post method,
let's pass in the URL constant again,
then let's use the reservation we created
in our @Before method
to pass in as the request body.
Let's create a mono of that reservation.
Now let's hover over the mono class
and let's use the keyboard shortcut Alt+Enter
and let's import that class.
Let's also pass in the reservation class.
Now let's call exchange to execute that request.
Let's verify that the status was 200 OK.
Let's use the expectHeader method
to verify that we get back
the correct contentType header.
We're going to expect back a contentType
of APPLICATION_JSON using the charset UTF8.
And finally, let's expect that the body
is of the type Reservation.class.
Let's go ahead and save and run that test.
Great, looks like it runs successfully.
Let's open up a terminal
and let's navigate to the project directory.
We could also run the test using the gradle wrapper.
Great, it looks like our whole test suite
executed successfully.